Log Created Successful!!

fillInstanceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() First Call Successful!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() Second Call Successful!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_device_group_creation 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_display 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_fence_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_memory_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_display_properties2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_physical_device_properties2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_surface_capabilities2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface_protected_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_win32_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_debug_report 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_debug_utils 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_direct_mode_display 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_surface_maintenance1 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_swapchain_colorspace 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_NV_external_memory_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_portability_enumeration 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_LUNARG_direct_driver_loading 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): VK_KHR_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME Found!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): VK_KHR_WIN32_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME Found!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Enabled Vulkan Instance Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Enabled Vulkan Instance Extension Name = VK_KHR_win32_surface 
createVulkanInstance(): fillInstanceExtensionNames() Successful!.
createVulkanInstance(): vkCreateInstance() Successful!.

initialize(): createVulkanInstance() Successful!.
getSupportedSurface(): vkCreateWin32SurfaceKHR() Successful!.
initialize(): getSupportedSurface() Successful!.
getPhysicalDevice(): vkEnumeratePhysicalDevices() First Call Successful!.
getPhysicalDevice(): vkEnumeratePhysicalDevices() Second Call Successful!.
getPhysicalDevice(): freed isQueueSurfaceSupported_array!.
getPhysicalDevice(): freed vkQueueFamilyProperties_array!.
getPhysicalDevice(): Successful to get required graphics enabled physical device!.
getPhysicalDevice(): Selected Physical Device Supports Tessellation Shader!.
getPhysicalDevice(): Selected Physical Device Supports Geometry Shader!.
initialize(): getPhysicalDevice() Successful!.


printVKInfo(): Printing Vulkan Info: 

Physical Device [0] Properties: 
API Version: 1.3.289
Device Name: NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 Laptop GPU
Device Type: Discrete GPU (dGPU)
Vendor ID: 0x10de
Device ID: 0x2520

Physical Device [1] Properties: 
API Version: 1.3.275
Device Name: Intel(R) UHD Graphics
Device Type: Integrated GPU (iGPU)
Vendor ID: 0x8086
Device ID: 0x9a60

printVKInfo(): freed vkPhysicalDevice_array!.
initialize(): printVKInfo() Successful!.
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateDeviceExtensionProperties() First Call Successful!.
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateDeviceExtensionProperties() Second Call Successful!.
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_16bit_storage 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_8bit_storage 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_acceleration_structure 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_bind_memory2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_buffer_device_address 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_calibrated_timestamps 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_cooperative_matrix 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_copy_commands2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_create_renderpass2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_dedicated_allocation 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_deferred_host_operations 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_depth_stencil_resolve 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_descriptor_update_template 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_device_group 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_draw_indirect_count 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_driver_properties 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering_local_read 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_fence 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_fence_win32 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_memory 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_memory_win32 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore_win32 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_format_feature_flags2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_fragment_shader_barycentric 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_fragment_shading_rate 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_memory_requirements2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_global_priority 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_image_format_list 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_imageless_framebuffer 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_index_type_uint8 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_line_rasterization 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_load_store_op_none 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance1 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance3 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance4 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance5 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance6 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_maintenance7 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_map_memory2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_multiview 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_pipeline_executable_properties 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_pipeline_library 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_present_id 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_present_wait 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_push_descriptor 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_ray_query 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_maintenance1 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_pipeline 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_position_fetch 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_relaxed_block_layout 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_sampler_mirror_clamp_to_edge 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_sampler_ycbcr_conversion 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_separate_depth_stencil_layouts 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_atomic_int64 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_clock 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_draw_parameters 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_expect_assume 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_float16_int8 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_float_controls 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_float_controls2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_integer_dot_product 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_maximal_reconvergence 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_non_semantic_info 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_quad_control 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_relaxed_extended_instruction 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_extended_types 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_rotate 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_uniform_control_flow 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_shader_terminate_invocation 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_spirv_1_4 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_storage_buffer_storage_class 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_swapchain 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_swapchain_mutable_format 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_synchronization2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_timeline_semaphore 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_uniform_buffer_standard_layout 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_variable_pointers 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_vertex_attribute_divisor 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_decode_av1 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_decode_h264 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_decode_h265 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_decode_queue 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_encode_h264 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_encode_h265 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_encode_queue 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_maintenance1 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_video_queue 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_vulkan_memory_model 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_win32_keyed_mutex 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_workgroup_memory_explicit_layout 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_zero_initialize_workgroup_memory 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_4444_formats 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_attachment_feedback_loop_dynamic_state 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_attachment_feedback_loop_layout 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_blend_operation_advanced 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_border_color_swizzle 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_buffer_device_address 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_calibrated_timestamps 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_color_write_enable 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_conditional_rendering 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_conservative_rasterization 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_custom_border_color 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_depth_bias_control 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_depth_clamp_zero_one 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_depth_clip_control 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_depth_clip_enable 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_depth_range_unrestricted 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_descriptor_buffer 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_descriptor_indexing 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_device_fault 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_discard_rectangles 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_dynamic_rendering_unused_attachments 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state3 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_external_memory_host 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_fragment_shader_interlock 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_full_screen_exclusive 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_global_priority 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_global_priority_query 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_graphics_pipeline_library 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_hdr_metadata 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_host_image_copy 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_host_query_reset 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_image_2d_view_of_3d 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_image_robustness 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_image_sliced_view_of_3d 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_image_view_min_lod 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_index_type_uint8 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_inline_uniform_block 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_legacy_vertex_attributes 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_line_rasterization 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_load_store_op_none 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_memory_budget 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_memory_priority 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_mesh_shader 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_multi_draw 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_mutable_descriptor_type 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_nested_command_buffer 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_non_seamless_cube_map 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_opacity_micromap 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pageable_device_local_memory 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pci_bus_info 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pipeline_creation_cache_control 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pipeline_creation_feedback 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pipeline_library_group_handles 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_pipeline_robustness 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_post_depth_coverage 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_primitive_topology_list_restart 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_primitives_generated_query 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_private_data 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_provoking_vertex 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_queue_family_foreign 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_robustness2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_sample_locations 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_sampler_filter_minmax 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_scalar_block_layout 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_separate_stencil_usage 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_atomic_float 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_demote_to_helper_invocation 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_module_identifier 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_object 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_replicated_composites 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_subgroup_ballot 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_subgroup_vote 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_subgroup_size_control 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_swapchain_maintenance1 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_texel_buffer_alignment 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_tooling_info 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_transform_feedback 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_vertex_attribute_divisor 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_vertex_input_dynamic_state 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_ycbcr_2plane_444_formats 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_EXT_ycbcr_image_arrays 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_acquire_winrt_display 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_clip_space_w_scaling 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_compute_shader_derivatives 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_cooperative_matrix 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_copy_memory_indirect 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_corner_sampled_image 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_coverage_reduction_mode 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_cuda_kernel_launch 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_dedicated_allocation 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_dedicated_allocation_image_aliasing 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_descriptor_pool_overallocation 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_device_diagnostic_checkpoints 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_device_diagnostics_config 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_device_generated_commands 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_device_generated_commands_compute 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_external_memory 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_external_memory_win32 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_fill_rectangle 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_fragment_coverage_to_color 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_fragment_shader_barycentric 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_fragment_shading_rate_enums 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_framebuffer_mixed_samples 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_geometry_shader_passthrough 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_inherited_viewport_scissor 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_linear_color_attachment 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_low_latency 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_low_latency2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_memory_decompression 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_mesh_shader 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_optical_flow 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_raw_access_chains 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_ray_tracing 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_ray_tracing_invocation_reorder 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_ray_tracing_motion_blur 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_representative_fragment_test 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_sample_mask_override_coverage 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_scissor_exclusive 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_shader_atomic_float16_vector 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_shader_image_footprint 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_shader_sm_builtins 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_shader_subgroup_partitioned 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_shading_rate_image 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_viewport_array2 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_viewport_swizzle 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NV_win32_keyed_mutex 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NVX_binary_import 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NVX_image_view_handle 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_NVX_multiview_per_view_attributes 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_AMD_buffer_marker 
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_GOOGLE_user_type 

fillDeviceExtensionNames(): VK_KHR_SWAPCHAIN_EXTENSION_NAME Found!.
fillDeviceExtensionNames(): Enabled Vulkan Device Extension Name = VK_KHR_swapchain 
initialize(): fillDeviceExtensionNames() Successful!.
WinMain(): initialize() Successful!.

uninitialize(): vkDestroySurfaceKHR() Succeed
uninitialize(): vkDestroyInstance() Succeed
uninitialize(): File Closed Successfully..
