Log Created Successful!!

fillInstanceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() First Call Successful!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() Second Call Successful!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_device_group_creation 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_display 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_fence_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_memory_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_display_properties2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_physical_device_properties2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_get_surface_capabilities2 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface_protected_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_win32_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_debug_report 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_debug_utils 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_direct_mode_display 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_surface_maintenance1 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_EXT_swapchain_colorspace 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_NV_external_memory_capabilities 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_KHR_portability_enumeration 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Vulkan Extension Name = VK_LUNARG_direct_driver_loading 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): VK_KHR_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME Found!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): VK_KHR_WIN32_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME Found!.
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Enabled Vulkan Instance Extension Name = VK_KHR_surface 
fillInstanceExtensionNames(): Enabled Vulkan Instance Extension Name = VK_KHR_win32_surface 
initialize(): fillInstanceExtensionNames() Successful!.
WinMain(): initialize() Successful!.

uninitialize: File Closed Successfully..
